docs: procedure: Adding a topic about the factory workspace-creation policy (#2032)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_allowing-users-to-define-workspace-creation-strategy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// creating-a-workspace-from-a-remote-devfile

[id="allowing-users-to-define-workspace-creation-strategy_{context}"]
= Allowing users to define workspace creation strategy

> This section describes how to control the strategy of creating a {prod-short} workspace using a factory URL. {prod-short} currently supports the following options: 

Reviewer: Instead of mentioning the document ("This section..."), I recommend starting with a brief abstract or summary of the use case. For example, without a better understanding of the use case here, I'd say something like, "As a developer, you can configure {prod-short} to create a new workspace each time it accepts a factory URL, or to reuse the existing workspace if a user already has one."
Then, you can go on to describe the options in more detail, like you've done here.

Reviewer: IBM SG, pg 22
Avoid self-referential text whenever possible, such as "This topic is about" or "This section describes".
Instead, focus on the purpose or value of the content, and include words that users are likely to search for. For example, in a short description in an online help topic, provide users with enough information to determine whether the topic meets their needs. You can use self-referential text in learning modules and tutorials.

Reviewer: The need for a short description or abstract is well-established in topic-based writing standards, such as DocBook and DITA, but is only now being formalized at Red Hat: https://github.com/redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide/issues/75

> As a developer, you can configure {prod-short} to create a new workspace each time it accepts a factory URL, or to reuse the existing workspace if a user already has one. {prod-short} currently supports the following options: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer, you can configure {prod-short} to create a new workspace each time it accepts a factory URL, or to reuse the existing workspace if a user already has one.

{prod-short} supports the following options: 
```

Reviewer 2: Minimalism! Sure thing!
Thank you so much, Rolfe!

> * `perclick`:  `perclick` is the default creation strategy, which creates a new workspace each time the same factory URL is accepted.

Reviewer: Please read "Definition Lists" on page 172 of the IBM Style Guide.
```suggestion
* `perclick`:  Create a new workspace each time the same factory URL is accepted. The default value.
```

> * `peruser`: `peruser` creation strategy will re-use an existing workspace for second and any other subsequent acceptance of the same factory URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `peruser`: For a specific combination of user and factory URL, reuse the existing workspace.
```
Avoid repetition. Explain key information (per user) even if it is implied by something else (factory URL?). Put the condition first. Simplify.
